Documentation for declarativeNetRequest.RuleCondition.domainType impl (#34577)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/rulecondition/index.md

Values of this type are objects. They contain these properties:

- `domainType` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : A `string`. Specifies whether the network request is first-party or third-party to the domain it originated from. If omitted, all requests are accepted. Possible values are `"firstParty"` and `"thirdParty"`.

Reviewer: @rebloor, on [bug 1797408](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1797408#c9) you noted: 

>  I was uncertain whether additional documentation was needed for the comments about the definition of first and third-party. I noted that nothing additional was provided in the Chrome documentation.

I think a bit more description is warranted. The oversimplified (and therefore inaccurate) version is that a "first party" request is a request for a resource that is on the [same origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) as the page the user is viewing. [Rob's comment on the Firefox bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1797408#c1) goes into much more detail.

Rob also [noted in a follow-up comment](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1797408#c6) that Firefox and Chrome share the same behavior, which he summarized in the first comment I linked as "First-party iff same-domain to (sub)document that initiates the request. Third-party otherwise."

Reviewer: @xeenon, in [this comment](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1797408#c1) Rob noted that Safari will only flag a request as `"firstParty"` if the request and all ancestor frames are same origin with the outermost main frame. Is this still the case?

Author: @dotproto so are you suggesting something like:
```suggestion
  - : A `string`. Specifies whether the network request is first-party or third-party. The request is considered first-party if it's for the same domain as the document or subdocument that initiates the request. Otherwise, it's considered third-party. If omitted, all requests are accepted. Possible values are `"firstParty"` and `"thirdParty"`.
```

Reviewer: I think that looks good. @Rob--W, are you comfortable with this?

Reviewer 2: Lgtm. It is also possible for requests to be triggered from non-documents (e.g. Web Workers), but we can clarify that in a follow-up if desired.

Perhaps it is worth noting that a top-level document request (due to a navigation) is always considered a first-party request.
